feat!: make Overlay render prop consistent with Dropdown (#26)
react-restart/ui: www/docs/Overlay.mdx

> A flexible base component for building tooltips, popups, and any number of other overlay UI components.

Author: ```suggestion
A flexible base component for building tooltips, popups, and any other floating UI components.
```
